Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_overview-of-the-project-api.adoc

= Overview of the {Project} API

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use {Project} API to integrate with enterprise systems, automate repetitive tasks, and manage your infrastructure programmatically through a resource-based REST model that supports any HTTP client.

Reviewer: Unsure about the last part. How about this?

```suggestion
You can use {Project} API to integrate with enterprise systems, automate repetitive tasks, and manage your infrastructure programmatically through a resource-based REST model.
You can use any HTTP client to interact with {Project}.
```

IMO this alternative is less strong as it avoids "supports". What do you think?

= Overview of the {Project} API

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use {Project} API to integrate with enterprise systems, automate repetitive tasks, and manage your infrastructure programmatically through a resource-based REST model.

Reviewer 2: Not a hard suggestion, but it's better to lead with the benefit than with the method. That's usually closer to what users and search engines look for, and you avoid close repetition of the heading.

Author: Great suggestion, @jafiala , 
Rewriting as follows:
"Integrate with enterprise systems, automate repetitive tasks, and manage your infrastructure programmatically using the resource-based REST model of the {Project} API."
